feat(iox): add a reference list for client libraries (#4906)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/client-libraries/v2/javascript/nodejs/write.md

Use the [InfluxDB Javascript client library](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-client-js) to write data from a Node.js environment to InfluxDB.

The Javascript client library includes the following convenient features for writing data to InfluxDB:
- Apply default tags to data points.
- Buffer points into batches to optimize data transfer.
- Automatically retry requests on failure.
- Set an optional HTTP proxy address for your network.

### Before you begin

- [Install the client library and other dependencies](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/api-guide/client-libraries/nodejs/install/).
### Write data with the client library

1. Instantiate an `InfluxDB` client. Provide your InfluxDB URL and API token.

   ```js
   import {InfluxDB, Point} from '@influxdata/influxdb-client'

   const influxDB = new InfluxDB({YOUR_URL, YOUR_API_TOKEN})
   ```
   Replace the following:
   - *`YOUR_URL`*: InfluxDB URL
   - *`YOUR_API_TOKEN`*: InfluxDB API token

2. Use the `getWriteApi()` method of the client to create a **write client**.
   Provide your InfluxDB organization ID and bucket name.

   ```js
   const writeApi = influxDB.getWriteApi(YOUR_ORG, YOUR_BUCKET)
   ```
   Replace the following:

>    - *`YOUR_ORG`*: Arbitrary string (this credential is ignored)

Author: ```suggestion
   - *`YOUR_ORG`*: Arbitrary string (ignored by InfluxDB, but required for the method)
```

>    - *`YOUR_BUCKET`*: InfluxDB bucket name

Author: @sanderson Thanks for fixing these. You're right, of course. I was only thinking about it in 2.x context for the list. Otherwise, I would have hidden it for now.

      Provide a `name` and `value`.
   3. To add a field of type `float`, chain the `floatField()` method to the constructor.
      Provide a `name` and `value`.

    ```js
    const point1 = new Point('temperature')
      .tag('sensor_id', 'TLM010')
      .floatField('value', 24)
    ```

5. Use the `writePoint()` method to write the point to your InfluxDB bucket.
   Finally, use the `close()` method to flush all pending writes.
   The example logs the new data point followed by "WRITE FINISHED" to stdout.

    ```js
    writeApi.writePoint(point1)

    writeApi.close().then(() => {
      console.log('WRITE FINISHED')
    })
    ```

### Complete example

{{< code-tabs-wrapper >}}
{{% code-tabs %}}
[Curl](#curl)
[Node.js](#nodejs)
{{% /code-tabs %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}

```sh
{{< get-shared-text "api/v2.0/write/write.sh" >}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}

```js
{{< get-shared-text "api/v2.0/write/write.mjs" >}}
```

{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{< /code-tabs-wrapper >}}

To run the example from a file, set your InfluxDB environment variables and use `node` to execute the JavaScript file.

```sh

> export INFLUX_URL=http://localhost:8086 && \
> export INFLUX_TOKEN=YOUR_API_TOKEN && \
> export INFLUX_ORG=YOUR_ORG && \
> export INFLUX_BUCKET=YOUR_BUCKET && \
> node write.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export INFLUX_URL=https://cluster-id.influxdb.io && \
export INFLUX_TOKEN=YOUR_DATABASE_TOKEN && \
export INFLUX_ORG=YOUR_ORG && \
export INFLUX_BUCKET=YOUR_DATABASE_NAME && \
node write.js
```
